Ability to set starting token id for ERC721Consecutive (#4097)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/spotty-hotels-type.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': patch
---

> `ERC721Consecutive`: Add support for setting a starting token id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ERC721Consecutive`: Add a `_firstConsecutiveId` internal function that can be overridden to change the id of the first token minted through `_mintConsecutive`.
```
